Ideas List

Sub Game:
Players each have their own Submarine. These subs will naturally rise
to the top of the water if left alone. When tapped, the players
submarine will submerge some distance, and fire a torpedo. The idea
is to sink the opponent's sub. Each player can only fire a few
torpedoes at once.

(Possible enviromental effects such as mines, seaweed, sealife ect.)

Roulette Fighter:
A little 2d VS brawler with a single button input system. A rolling
roulette wheel on the side of the screen constantly spins, and pressing
the button will cause your fighter to use whatever move is shown at
the time. This also includes movement. (Each player could have their 
own wheel?)

Volcano Time Trial:
A game of trying to get whoever the character is to a goal as fast
as possible via detonating volcanoes with a button press, using the
explosion to kick the player around. 

One More line (but with gravity and stuff)
Pretty much what it sounds like. A game something along the lines
of one more line but with a bigger focus on momentum and gravity.
There'd be a heavy emphasis on using falling to gain speed, and
using the arc to throw the player around. Could be a race or
possibly distance.

Worms -1
A game with a similar idea to worms. Weapon selection and the like
would scroll automatically, tapping interupts the scrolling.

Car Drifting:
two player simultainous racing game where the players have to drift their car
around the track by tapping on the correct side of the screen. players have one 
half of the screen each to control their car. the winner is the player who reaches
the end of the track first.

Wheel Maze:
two player turn based game where each player starts in the center of the weheel and has to
navigate their way through an maze using the tap mechanic whilst being spun around by the wheel.
the players are timed and the winner is the player who completes the maze in the shortest time.

Reverse Tetris:
the players have to shoot pieces of puzzle onto the game map and has to use up all the space
availble on the map. the players cannon slides from side to side with an given piece of puzzle attached 
to it. the player when running out of space the points are  empty spaces. the winner is the player with 
the most score.

 


